After a user is successfully signs up to our application, we want to direct them back over to the landing
page.
So for us, that's essentially just the root route.
So we need to figure out some way, number one, to actually redirect a user around inside of a next
application.
And number two, we need to make sure that we only do that after user has successfully signed in.
Let me first show you how we redirect a user or forcibly navigate them around inside of a next app.
I'm inside of my sign up file at the very top.
I'm going to find the import statement that we have for Axios.
We're not making use of that anymore, so I'm just going to clean it up very quickly.
I'm then going to import router from next router.
So this router object right here is how we're going to programmatically navigate a user around.
Right now.
Let's just add in a call directly inside of on submit.
So we'll say regardless of whether or not we sign up successfully or not, let's just navigate our user
back to the root route.
So I will do so by calling router push and then providing the route that I want to navigate the user
to.
And that's pretty much it.
So now if we save this and flip back over.
Now whenever I click on sign up, even if the request is not successful, I should navigate back over
to the landing page.
Yep.
Definitely works.
All right, well, that's easy enough.
So now we need to figure out how we can navigate a user only if our request is successful.
There's two different ways we could approach this with our user request hook.
We can either put on an A wait on do request right here because that is an asynchronous function.
And then call.
Whoosh right after that.
So this is approach number one, but it's not going to quite work as we expect right now.
Let me show you why I'm going to save this.
I'm going to flip back over.
I'll then click on Sign Up.
So really quickly, if I look at my network request log, I'll see that the request to sign up was not
successful, but I still navigated over to that landing page.
So why is that?
Well, inside of our user class took the do request function.
Here it is right here.
Is going to attempt to make the request.
And if the request fails for any reason we enter this catch statement, we then set errors and that's
going to cause our component, the sign up component in this case to be updated.
But most importantly, we caught the error that occurred right here.
So no error is going to surface back out inside this on summit function, which means no matter what,
after calling due request, even if there's an error, we're still going to proceed on down to router
push right here.
So that's not super ideal.
And there's a couple of different ways that we can deal with this.
We could decide back over inside of due request that after catching this air right here, we could re
throw it after updating this areas piece of state.
So, for example, right after calling set errors, I could put in throw air.
So I'm at re throwing the air, which means it's going to be exposed or essentially throw this line
right here, which means I will never proceed on to the router.
Push.
So let's save that and try this out back inside of our browser.
So I'll do a sign up.
And now I see the air right here.
And I did not get redirected.
We could now put together some additional tri catch inside of On Summit to make sure that we don't see
the air down here inside of our console.
It doesn't really matter that we see an air down here.
It's not that big a deal.
But if you really care about it, we could wrap this thing with an additional tri catch.
That's one way to deal with this, but another way there might be just a little bit easier to implement
would be to add in an additional argument or additional parameter to our user request hook.
We could call it something like on success, and as you'd guess, this would be a callback that will
be invoked any time that we make a request successfully.
So let's try that approach.
I'm going to take that rudder top push line and move it up into this on success thing, and I'll make
sure to clean up that semicolon at the very end.
So now we can flip back over to user request and say after we make the request successfully, let's
call this on success callback.
So back inside of user request, I will do structure off on success.
And then down inside of do request.
After making the request and getting back a response successfully, I will check and see if the on success
callback was provided.
And if it was, then let's go ahead and call it.
And just for convenience sake, let's provide the response data that we got inside of here as well.
So I'm going to call that thing with response data not strictly required right now because we're not
actually making use of the data that comes back in response, but maybe we will at some point in time.
So I'm just kind of thinking ahead here.
If we take this approach, we no longer need to re throw that air down here at the bottom inside that
catch statement.
Okay.
That's.
That looks pretty good.
I'm going to save both these files.
I'm going to flip back over.
I'll refresh the page.
I'll click on sign up.
That looks good.
And if I put in some valid information.
And sign up again.
I get redirected over to landing page when the request was made successfully.
Well, I think that looks pretty good.
Well, that's pretty much it for real.
On our sign up component.
Now that we have signed up, we need to make sure on our landing page let's go and look at our mockup.
We need to show the text on the landing page.
Something like you are signed in now.
It's not going to be as easy as just always showing you are signed in because remember, there's really
two forms to this landing page.
We need to somehow detect whether or not the user is signed in and if they are not, we're going to
put in.
You are not signed in.
Otherwise if they are signed in will show you are signed in.
It's a quick pause right here, and we'll start working on this landing page in just a moment.